It's just a small show, very close to my heart.
As I said, I have a lot of money.
In two days, our company will recommend a main minister competition.
When the time comes, you go and participate,
I'll ask the guard to swipe tickets with you. Bird bird.
I say, only a big shot like Qing Shao can be worthy of you.
As for that silence, it's not like touch.
Except grid height. Distribution public relations dreams,
Immediately defend Mingming's reputation at that time.
Silent apology, scandal about teacher plotting exposed
I also made him more and more ecological
I don’t know where I reported some bad media.
I reported some negative news to you
Xiaoyong, I’m optimistic
It seems like you have to be suspicious of your indifference today.